What?!
Is that true, Risa? Did they
really release Level 4?
It's true. I just found out
myself, and I can't believe it!
I thought it wouldn't
happen until next week.
A lot of players have
already gotten to Level 4.
So I guess you hadn't noticed either, huh?
Oh, man, I can't wait!
I'm gonna log in right now!
I'll be right there, too. Let's get the
gang together and beat the Level 3 boss!
Yeah!
BOFURI: I DON'T WANT TO GET HURT,
SO I'LL MAX OUT MY DEFENSE.
MAXING DEFENSE AND CHRISTMAS.
- So if we beat this guy,
we can go to Level 4?
MAXING DEFENSE AND CHRISTMAS.
- Looks tougher than I was expecting.
- You can leave this one to me!
[Phantom World]!
Here we go!
I don't... think we're gonna
get a taste of this action.
I mean, I figured this is
how it was gonna go, but...
You're amazing, Maple!
What a pretty place!
What should we do now?
Stop by the guild house first?
Maybe we should scout out the place?
I can't wait to see what Level 4's like!
Same here!
Sounds good to me.
I guess gathering information
is our first priority.
Let's split up and look around, then.
We'll meet back up later
and share what we learned.
Got it!
All right! Let's do this, everyone!
Yeah!
Well, it's probably about time
for some monsters to show up...
Whoa!
Frederica?
You know surprise attacks don't
actually work, don't you?
I knew you'd be able to
dodge it if anyone could.
That was just my way of saying hello.
You're challenging me to another duel?
Didn't you guys just now
get to Level 4, too?
Aw, don't be so cold.
I thought up all kinds
of strategies for this.
Isn't that what you say every time?
Well, I have to when you crush all
my new strategies right off the bat.
Just one hit!
If I could land just one hit, I could
give you your first taste of humiliation!
Well, I haven't died once yet,
and neither has Maple.
Okay, then... wanna get to it?
Let's go!
Oh, so it's always nighttime in Level 4?
That's so strange.
Huh?
It's Mii.
Okay.
Once I've soothed my soul,
I'll rejoin the others.
Huh?
Was that something I wasn't supposed to see?
Wh-Wh-What should I do?
Right! I should be honest
and tell her I saw that!
FLUFFY FRIENDS ROOM
- And that I won't tell anyone,
so she doesn't need to worry!
Huh?
They're soothing my soul...
Yes, I know. I'll give each of
you some. Just wait your turn.
That little tongue tickles!
Huh?!
Oop!
They really do soothe the soul!
They're so cute! So cute!
I know, right? Aren't they adorable?
You really surprised me, though.
You always look so cool and tough.
Well, yeah, when I'm acting as guildmaster.
But I don't really care
if you know about this.
It's not easy keeping up
the act all the time.
Oh, and you can call me "Mii."
Can I ask you something, then?
Why do you always keep up that act?
Well...
When I first started role playing
with this character,
everyone seemed to rely on me a lot,
and eventually it got to the point
where there was just no going back.
I've told Misery about this, kind of,
but I've been keeping it a secret
from the others in my guild.
So that's why...
Yeah, that's why.
Got it! I won't tell anyone!
It'll be our little secret, Mii!
Yeah! Thanks!
Would you like to go hunting
together sometime?
Yeah, I'd love to!
Mii!
Mii, we've been looking for you.
You weren't answering our messages.
Oh, Maple is with you?
Y-Yes. We were sharing information
as fellow guildmasters.
Huh?
Oh, yeah! Something like that!
The other guild members are waiting for you.
They want to hear your strategy
for beating Level 4.
Mii, please give us your guidance.
All right.
See you again soon, Maple.
If you'll excuse us, Maple.
O-Of course, Misery and Markus!
I guess Mii's got it rough, too...
[Multi-Barrier]!
Trying to hold me in place
right from the get-go?
That's not gonna work!
[Multi-Stonebolt]!
You're mine now!
I won!
Sorry. That celebration's
gonna be short-lived.
Huh?!
I lost again!
Ugh, how?! I know I hit you dead-on!
I'm not gonna show my
precious cards to a rival.
I'll beat you next time! Remember that!
Man, I was so sure I won...
That was too close.
I can't afford to let my
guard down around her.
I'm used to fighting her now, but she's
still a top fighter in a top guild.
EMPTY SHELL
- A skill that nullifies full-to-zero
damage just once a day...
It saved my skin back there, but still,
I gotta get better at dodging.
If I ever do get defeated,
there's only one person who can do it.
-ONE WEEK LATER-
- This level's a lot bigger
than I would've expected.
I haven't even reached the tower
in the center of the town yet.
There are still some materials I
haven't gotten a hold of, too.
This one might take some time to conquer.
Yui and I have been riding
around on rickshaws.
It costs some money, but it's
quicker and easier than walking.
We both move so slowly, after all.
I heard the town will be looking different
soon, since it's almost Christmas.
There are lots of shops, too.
Though most of them only
sell interior decor.
The next event will be starting soon,
so for now, let's work
hard to raise our levels.
So we can all have a great Christmas!
I'm in heaven!
No! If I keep this up,
I'll never want to leave here!
That said...
If I bought all this,
I'd run out of money fast.
I really need to start earning more.
I still haven't finished that
last quest I picked up.
Guess I'll do that.
[Sixth of Sword - Blaze]!
Kill before I'm killed!
[Last of Sword - Hazy Moon]!
[First of Sword - Heat Haze]!
I did it! Finally!
[STR+30] [BEWITCHED SWORD] [SELF-REPAIR]
- The Self-Devouring Bewitched
Sword, Yukari...
Let's try you out right away.
If I recall, this guy has a lot of health.
I'll take you on!
Self-Devouring Bewitched Sword, Yukari!
What?!
Using this sword makes me look like this?
I can end that by finishing
this battle quick!
PURPLE PHANTOM BLADE
A TECHNIQUE THAT DRAWS OUT
THE BEWITCHED SWORD'S TRUE POTENTIAL.
- Nice! Excellent!
I got some more money, too... Huh?
Huh?! Wh-What's going on?!
What?!
Rawr!
Thank you all for coming here today!
It's time to kick off our sixth event!
As we've already announced,
rare materials and exclusive Christmas items
are hidden throughout the event field,
so try your best to find them!
You'll be teleported to
a random starting point,
and the event period will
be two in-game days.
Check out the information distributed
in-game for more details!
And now, the countdown begins!
- Let's do our best, everyone!
- Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five,
- I guess we'll be going into this separately.
- So maybe no one will see me
looking like a child, at least.
- four, three, two, one, zero!
-Something wrong, Kasumi?
-Er, no, nothing.
four, three, two, one, zero!
A jungle?
[Machine God]!
[Hydra]!
[Predator]!
[Deploy Armaments]!
[Commence Attack]!
I guess monsters like these aren't
gonna give any skills or items.
Sounds like the big boys are showing up!
Huh? Payne?
Maple?!
I started out fighting with [Machine God],
but since there were so many of them,
I figured this might work better.
I get that, but...
Aren't you gonna go back
to your regular form?
N-Not yet... for... reasons...
Because then I won't be able to
use it again until tomorrow.
Well, since we met up, how about
we work together for a while?
Huh? You and me?
It'd be more efficient to
work as a pair, right?
Besides, since you clobbered
me in the fourth event,
I'd like a chance to study how you fight.
Oh, please! I'm nowhere near that good!
I should be doing my best to keep
up with top players like yourself!
I consider it an honor. We pair up, then?
Yes, by all means!
What the heck is going on here?!
This is bad!
If those two pair up, the monsters we
prepared for this event won't stand a chance!
I never would've seen this coming!
Argh! That Maple caught
us by surprise again!
SECRETARY
- If I may, I do believe we need
countermeasures against Maple after all.
If nothing changes, the game's
balance will be thrown off-kilter.
Yes, but we can't change the game's
rules or specs just to weaken Maple.
That would wreck the balance
of the game even more.
I think all we can do is buckle
up and see how things go.
Y-Yes, yes.
I see. Very well.
We will use this event to gather data.
Uh, right, right.
Remote work isn't as easy as it seems...
That newbie's kinda scary, huh?
There's nothing for me to even do...
But damn, talk about aggressive.
Yeah, you're right.
They just keep attacking us.
Actually, the one doing
all the attacking is...
Maple, stop. I hear something.
Huh?
Above us!
Incoming!
Oh, gosh, there are so many!
Looks like it's finally my turn!
W-Wow...
I wonder who's faster, him or Sally...
What do you want me to do?
You can stay there!
Just stop any monsters
coming at me from below!
Got it!
Careful, Maple!
What is this sticky stuff?! Is it honey?!
Maple!
Looks like it causes some
kind of status effect!
If I get hit with a piercing
attack now, I might be done for!
You're sharing that openly?
Okay, I'll take care of the rest!
[Holy Rain]!
That's a new skill I just gained.
I won't keep any secrets, either.
Looks like the boss is here!
[Sword of Judgment]!
[Wind Cutter]!
Thanks, Oboro!
WEB USER I
USES WEBS. AFTER LEVEL 5, THE WEBS CAN
BE STRETCHED. FIRING RANGE IS FIVE METERS.
Ooh, I got the [Web User] skill!
Sounds fun!
What's that?
Is this one of the event items?
I guess I'm stuck like this for ten minutes.
I'd rather avoid using this
skill in front of anyone.
Huh? Kasumi?
Shin?!
You never saw this! Understand?!
K-Kasumi! Your wrap! It's gonna fall off!
Huh?
-TWO DAYS LATER-
- The event's almost over.
And we never got to see Payne.
Where the hell is he, anyway?
Maple!
Payne!
It's Dread and Drag.
Good to see you again!
This is far enough.
Thanks for everything, Maple.
I should be thanking you!
And don't forget what we talked about, okay?
Yeah, of course.
Yo, Payne, what's goin' on?
What did she mean by "what we talked about"?
Well, actually...
Merry Christmas!
This is what she meant?
Maple invited us.
It's a party to celebrate the event's ending,
Christmas, and the New Year.
We're supposed to be rivals, though...
Oh, it's fine, Markus.
Even Mii seems to be
friendly with Maple now.
Right, Mii?
Y-Yes.
Okay, everyone!
Did you bring your gift boxes?
Yeah, and I haven't looked
inside yet, as you requested.
We haven't, either.
It's the 25th now,
so they should finally open!
I guess everybody who took
part in the event got one.
If my gift makes me super strong,
I might be able to beat
you next time, Sally.
That's what I should say to you.
Okay, let's all open them together!
Is everybody ready?
Ready, set... open!
What is all this?
These are our Christmas gifts?
Kasumi, why don't you try using that katana?
I bet a child's costume would
look great on you, then.
I told you not to bring that up!
Is this the admins' idea of a joke?
It looks like they do function
as weapons and armor, though.
You're right. They're pretty
high-spec, actually.
These could be pretty useful...
if you can overlook the seasonal theme.
Nice! I like this!
But Maple...
How come only I got one
that looks like this?!
I'm pretty sure the boxes'
contents are random.
So you just happened to
pick up a rare one, Maple.
Way to go!
You look great in it, Maple!
Oh... You think so?
It's just the kind of thing
we'd expect from you.
Typical Maple.
Yep.
Well, now that we know what our gifts are...
To many more adventures ahead!
EVENT #6 THREAD 13 "SEE YOU ALL NEXT YEAR"
GOOD EVENT
GJ!